Chapter 3 - Secure Communication (#23)
shresthagrawal/jslibp2p-chat-tutorial: 3/1_encrypted_bootstrap.md

Secure your bootstrap!
======================
Now it's time to make the same changes to your bootstrap node.

Try it yourself
===============

>  * Require noise in your bootstrap node and add `noise` to the `connEncryption` section of the configuration options for the bootstrap node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Make the exact same change that you made in your `index.js` into `bootstrap.js` to add `noise` as encryption in bootstrap node 
```
